Reviewer 6 of CDC15 submission 1615

Comments to the author
======================

This paper presents an automated method to achieve a safe
automated air highway, were multiple UAV form platoons. The
idea is similar to what is done in previous work for normal
highways. Safety of the platoon is guaranteed using
reachability analysis, using similar ideas as in air
traffic management.

The paper easy to follow and nicely structured.

The main concern is that nearly all the results do only
hold if the highway is a straight line. And that some
proposed algorithms do not give safety guarantees.

IV.A. Moving in a straight line towards the target point
does not guarantee to ever reach the reachable set (but for
the used model it is a very reasonable heuristic).

IV.B. Unless the highway is a straight line the traget
point does not always lay on the highway, thus it is not
possible to calculate everything offline.

IV.C.1 Here it is stated that the highway has to be a
straight line otherwise the problem is not convex. Maybe
give a reference to a paper proposing such a mpc to follow
a given trajectory.

IV.C.2 The proportional controller also assumes that the
highway is straight, in a curve the leaders acceleration is
a strong disturbance (for example if leader is already
flying a curve and the followers should still fly
straight).

V.A. Why do you choose a box as unsafe set and not a circle
as usual in air traffic control?

The concern about the straight highway is only minor, as it
is a reasonable assumption to have a straight high way. 