Reviewer 5 of CDC15 submission 1615

Comments to the author
======================

The article applies Hamiltonian-Jacobi reachability to
platooning of UAV. The vehicles are considered to travel
along pre-specified paths (highways) in the air-space. The
vehicles form platoons on these highways in order to
organize traffic of a large number of vehicles. Several
basic modes of operation is specified to facilitate
platooning and for each mode a continuous controller is
designed to fulfil the purpose of this mode. This is
complemented by safety controllers handling malfunctions of
individual vehicles. The method is demonstrated in a case
study. 

In my opinion this work is interesting and relevant. I have
a number of suggestions how the article could be improved
before publication.

* The first time it is explicitly stated why UAV's should
travel in platoons is at the end of Section V. I think this
could be make clearer earlier in the paper.

* There should be a discussion on what are the limitations
of the system. The article gives the impression that safety
and liveness can be guaranteed by the system. I think of a
number of cases where the method could still lead to
undesirable results. Examples include: How can it be
guaranteed that a UAV cannot collide with the UAV two
positions ahead in case of a safety breach? In Figure 4
also Q5 avoids Q3. Therefore it faulty behavior has first
to be identified and it is not clear how that happens.
Another issue is whether the approach manoeuvre guarantees
that the UAV reaches the safety reachable set. Could there
be cases when an UAV tries to merge with an platoon that it
simply cannot reach? Could there be cases where the UAV
gets trapped between executing its liveness controller and
its safety controller? Could there be chain reactions in
the platoon leading to a large number of safety breaches?
What happens outside the highway when there is a large
number of vehicles?

* How does the proposed method compare to results in
conventional air traffic management?

* Section III-B should be moved to Section II

* The maximum speed in x and y direction is limited
according to the vehicle dynamics. How does this relate to
that they are considered in the computation of the unsafe
set. I would also expect that normally the absolute forward
velocity is limited and not the velocity in x and y
direction individually. The authors should comment on this.